Write docs for SDK setup and OAuth (#6)
AudiusProject/docs.audius.org: docs/api/sdk.md

The Audius SDK allows you to easily build upon and interact with the Audius network. Currently, we only have a Typescript/Javascript SDK.

We're actively working on building out more SDK features and functionality - stay tuned!

<br />

## Installation

### In the browser/Vanilla JS

To use the Audius SDK in the browser, simply add the following script tag to your HTML pages:

```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@audius/sdk@latest/dist/sdk.min.js"></script>
```

The Audius SDK will then be assigned to `window.audiusSdk`.

### In Node.js

Install the SDK package using your preferred JS package manager.

Example:

```bash
npm install @audius/sdk
```

### Important: include Web3.js

In a browser environment, you must install [web3.js](https://github.com/ChainSafe/web3.js) separately and ensure that it is present on the window object at `window.Web3`.

In-browser example:

```html
<!-- Include this BEFORE the Audius SDK script -->
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/web3@latest/dist/web3.min.js"></script>
```

Node.js example:

```javascript
// Make sure to run `npm install web3`
const Web3 = require("web3");

window.Web3 = Web3;
```

## Initialization

> To initialize the SDK, simply call the SDK constructor and pass in the name of your app. Note that the constructor is asynchronous.

Reviewer: Let's just call it a function bc it's technically not a constructor

```suggestion
To initialize the SDK, simply call the `audiusSdk` function and pass in the name of your app. Note that the function is asynchronous.
```

### In the browser/Vanilla JS

Example code:

```html
<script>
  var sdk;
  async function init() {
    // This is how you initialize the SDK:
    sdk = await window.audiusSdk({ appName: "<Name of your app here>" });
  }

  async function doStuff() {
    await init();
    // Now you can call SDK methods, for example:
    const tracks = await sdk.discoveryNode.getTracks()
    console.log("Got tracks!", tracks)
  }

  doStuff()
</script>
```

### In Node.js

Example code:

```javascript
// audiusSdk.js
import { sdk } from "@audius/sdk";

> let audiusSdk = null;

Reviewer: Ok yeah we definitely need to push all this logic into the sdk. I should be able to make the the initial `audiusSdk()` call synchronous fairly easily
